DOC: Highlight pre-commit section (#37701)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/development/contributing.rst

``pre-commit`` - see :ref:`here <contributing.pre-commit>` for how to
run them.

Additional standards are outlined on the :ref:`pandas code style guide <code_style>`.

.. _contributing.pre-commit:

Pre-commit
----------

You can run many of these styling checks manually as we have described above. However,
we encourage you to use `pre-commit hooks <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ instead
to automatically run ``black``, ``flake8``, ``isort`` when you make a git commit. This
can be done by installing ``pre-commit``::

    pip install pre-commit

and then running::

    pre-commit install

from the root of the pandas repository. Now all of the styling checks will be
run each time you commit changes without your needing to run each one manually.

> In addition, using this pre-commit hook will also allow you to more easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, using ``pre-commit`` will also allow you to more easily
```

remain up-to-date with our code checks as they change.

Note that if needed, you can skip these checks with ``git commit --no-verify``.

> If you don't want to use ``pre-commit`` as part of your workflow, you can still use it
> to run its checks by running::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use ``pre-commit`` as part of your workflow, you can still use it
to run its checks with::
```

    pre-commit run --files <files you have modified>

> without having to have done ``pre-commit install`` beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without needing to have done ``pre-commit install`` beforehand.
```

pandas follows the `PEP8 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_ standard
and uses `Black <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ and
`Flake8 <http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ to ensure a consistent code

> format throughout the project. We encourage you to use :ref:`pre-commits <contributing.pre-commit>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
format throughout the project. We encourage you to use :ref:`pre-commit <contributing.pre-commit>`.
```
